.config/nvim/README.md, before:

# GophersVi

## Common Commands

`:Lazy` for checking nvim plugins

`:Mason` for checking mason packages (LSP)

`:checkhealth` for checking health of neovim packages and seeing what needs fixing, packages need installing.

`:so %` sources the current file changes

## Setup / Getting Started

Make sure to remove or move your current `nvim` directory in ~/.config/nvim

install neovim

```
brew install neovim
```

**NOTE** (You will notice treesitter pulling in a bunch of parsers the next time you open Neovim)

## Install ripgrep

[ripgrep repo](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep#installation) this is needed for telescope

```
brew install ripgrep
```

## Install delve

full featured debugging tool for Go

[delve repo](https://github.com/go-delve/delve/tree/master)

```
brew install delve
```

## Get healthy

Open `nvim` and enter the following:

```
:checkhealth
```

You'll probably notice you don't have support for copy/paste also that python and node haven't been setup

So let's fix that

First we'll fix copy/paste

- On mac `pbcopy` should be builtin

Next we need to install the following

**Neovim python support**

install [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv)

**Neovim Node support**

install [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)

**Neovim Go support**

install [gvm](https://github.com/moovweb/gvm)

## Github copilot

to login to copilot

```
:Copilot setup
```

for more options

```
:copilot help
```

## Common Issues

#### Debug breakpoint shows letter R

This usually means that the path to the current directory is incorrect ie `develper/competitive-programming` instead of `Developer/competitive-programming`.
In this instance the case is important.

#### LSP support is broken for latest language version

For example: updating to Go version 1.22 broke LSP support. To fix this, you need to update the LSP server. To do this,
run the below command:

```
:Mason
```

Then run `U` to update mason packages.

Commit message:

add viking image to readme

.config/nvim/README.md, after:

# V.I.K.I.N.G

**V**ersatile **I**DE for **K**nowledgable and **I**nteresting **N**eovim **G**ophers

[viking gopher](./assets/viking-gopher.png)

## Common Commands

`:Lazy` for checking nvim plugins

`:Mason` for checking mason packages (LSP)

`:checkhealth` for checking health of neovim packages and seeing what needs fixing, packages need installing.

`:so %` sources the current file changes

## Setup / Getting Started

Make sure to remove or move your current `nvim` directory in ~/.config/nvim

install neovim

```
brew install neovim
```

**NOTE** (You will notice treesitter pulling in a bunch of parsers the next time you open Neovim)

## Install ripgrep

[ripgrep repo](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep#installation) this is needed for telescope

```
brew install ripgrep
```

## Install delve

full featured debugging tool for Go

[delve repo](https://github.com/go-delve/delve/tree/master)

```
brew install delve
```

## Get healthy

Open `nvim` and enter the following:

```
:checkhealth
```

You'll probably notice you don't have support for copy/paste also that python and node haven't been setup

So let's fix that

First we'll fix copy/paste

- On mac `pbcopy` should be builtin

Next we need to install the following

**Neovim python support**

install [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv)

**Neovim Node support**

install [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)

**Neovim Go support**

install [gvm](https://github.com/moovweb/gvm)

## Github copilot

to login to copilot

```
:Copilot setup
```

for more options

```
:copilot help
```

## Common Issues

#### Debug breakpoint shows letter R

This usually means that the path to the current directory is incorrect ie `develper/competitive-programming` instead of `Developer/competitive-programming`.
In this instance the case is important.

#### LSP support is broken for latest language version

For example: updating to Go version 1.22 broke LSP support. To fix this, you need to update the LSP server. To do this,
run the below command:

```
:Mason
```

Then run `U` to update mason packages.
